Update docs for auth refactor (#1865)
astronomer/docs: astro/manage-organization.md

---
sidebar_label: "Manage an Organization on Astro"
title: "Manage an Organization"
id: manage-organization
description: Configure details about your Astro Organization including user authentication methods and Organization membership
---

Organizations are the highest level user group on Astro. All Astro users belong to at least one Organization and have an Organization role. See [Manage user permissions](user-permissions.md#organization-roles)

> As an Organization Owner, you can manage Organization authentication and users from the Astro UI and through Astronomer support. This document explains how to configure Organization details. To manage Organization users, see [Manage Astro users](add-user.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an Organization Owner, you can manage Organization authentication and users in the Cloud UI and by contacting [Astronomer support](https://cloud.astronomer.io/support). This document explains how to configure Organization settings. To manage Organization users, see [Manage Astro users](add-user.md).
```

## Configure just-in-time provisioning for single sign-on

> Astro supports just-in-time provisioning by default for all [single sign-on (SSO) integrations](configure-idp.md). This means that if someone without an Astronomer account tries logging into Astronomer with an email address from a domain that you manage, they are automatically granted a default role in your Organization without needing an invite. Users with emails outside of this domain still need to be invited to your Organization before they can access it. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro supports just-in-time provisioning by default for all [single sign-on (SSO) integrations](configure-idp.md). This means that if someone without an Astronomer account tries logging into Astronomer with an email address from a domain that you manage, they are automatically granted a default role in your Organization without needing an invite. Users with emails outside of this domain need to be invited to your Organization to access it. 
```

> Contact [Astronomer support](https://astronomer.io/support) to configure the following for just-in-time provisioning:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Contact [Astronomer support](https://astronomer.io/support) for assistance with the following just-in-time provisioning settings:
```

> - Enable or disable just-in-time provisioning.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Enabling or disabling just-in-time provisioning.
```

> - Add or remove a managed domain.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Adding or removing a managed domain.
```

## Bypass single sign-on

:::warning

> Do not share your SSO bypass link with anyone for general purpose use. An SSO bypass link allows anyone to access your Organization using only their email and a password regardless of whether they belong to your Organization. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Do not share your single sign-on (SSO) bypass link. With an SSO bypass link, anyone with an email and a password can access your Organization. 
```

:::

> An SSO bypass link allows you to authenticate to an Organization without using SSO. This link should be used to access your Organization only when you can't access Astro due to a bug in Astro or your identity provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An SSO bypass link allows you to authenticate to an Organization without using SSO. This link should be used to access your Organization only when you can't access Astro due to an issue with Astro or your identity provider.
```

> 1. In the Cloud UI, click **Settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In the Cloud UI, click the **Settings** tab.
```

---
sidebar_label: "Manage an Organization on Astro"

> title: "Manage an Organization"

Author: ```suggestion
title: "Manage Organization settings"
```
